Add new annotation doc to the testing guide (#1135)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/testing-ballerina-code/writing-tests.md

}
```

### @test:BeforeGroups {}

> The function specified following the annotation will be run will execute once before the first test belonging to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the function specified after the annotation will be run, it will execute once before the first test belonging to the
```
The meaning is not clear.

Author: Addressed in af5c8a9

>  all the tests belonging to the group is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 all the tests belonging to the group are executed.
```

***Example:***

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/test;

// The `BeforeGroups` function is executed before running all the test functions in this module. 
@test:BeforeGroups { value:["g1"] }
function beforeFunc() {
    io:println("I'm the before groups function!");
}

// Another `BeforeGroups` function is executed before running all the test functions in this module. 
@test:BeforeGroups { value:["g1", "g2"] }
function beforeFunc() {
    io:println("I'm another before groups function!");
}

> // A test function that belongs to the group `g1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// A test function that belongs to the group `g1`.
```

@test:Config { groups:["g1"] }
function testFunction1() {
    io:println("I belong to group g1!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed");
}

> // A test function that belongs to the group `g2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// A test function that belongs to the group `g2`.
```

@test:Config { groups:["g2"] }}
function testFunction2() {
    io:println("I belong to group g2 ");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed");
}
```

### @test:BeforeEach

> The function specified following the annotation will be run before each test within the test suite is run. This can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function specified after the annotation will be run, before each test within the test suite is run. This can be
```

Author: Addressed in af5c8a9

>  used for repeatedly initializing test-level aspects before every test function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 used for initializing test-level aspects repeatedly before every test function.
```

    io:println("I'm the before function!");
}

> // First test function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The first test function.
```

@test:Config {}
function testFunction1() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 1!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}

> // Second test function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The second test function.
```

@test:Config {}
function testFunction2() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 2!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}

> // Third test function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The third test function.
```

@test:Config {}
function testFunction3() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 3!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}
```

### @test:AfterEach

The function specified after this annotation will be run after each test within the test suite is run. This can be

>  used for repeatedly cleaning up test-level aspects before every test function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 used for cleaning up the test-level aspects  repeatedly before every test function.
```

***Example:***

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/test;

> // After each function, which is executed before each test function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This `AfterEach` function is executed before each test function.
```

@test:AfterEach
function beforeFunc() {
    io:println("I'm the before function!");
}

> // First test function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The first test function.
```

@test:Config {}
function testFunction1() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 1!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}

> // Second test function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The second test function.
```

@test:Config {}
function testFunction2() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 2!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}

> // Third test function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The third test function.
```

@test:Config {}
function testFunction3() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 3!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}
```

## @test:AfterGroups {}

***Example:***

For each group specified in this annotation, the function that follows the annotation will be executed once after
 all the tests belonging to the group is executed.

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/test;

> // A test function that belongs to the group `g1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// A test function that belongs to the group `g1`.
```

@test:Config { groups:["g1"] }
function testFunction1() {
    io:println("I belong to group g1!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed");
}

> // A test function that belongs to the group `g2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// A test function that belongs to the group `g2`.
```

@test:Config { groups:["g2"] }}
function testFunction2() {
    io:println("I belong to group g2 ");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed");
}

// The `AfterGroups` function is executed before running all the test functions in this module. 
@test:BeforeGroups { value:["g1"] }
function beforeFunc() {
    io:println("I'm the before groups function!");
}

// Another `AfterGroups` function is executed before running all the test functions in this module. 
@test:BeforeGroups { value:["g1", "g2"] }
function beforeFunc() {
    io:println("I'm another before groups function!");
}
```

### @test:AfterSuite {}

> The function specified after the annotation will be run once after all of the tests in the test suite is run. This can be used for cleaning up the test suite level aspects. The test suite covers tests related to a module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function specified after the annotation will be run once after all of the tests in the test suite are run. This can be used for cleaning up the test suite level aspects. The test suite covers tests related to a module.
```

    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}
```

> The function specified following the annotation will be run after each test within the test suite is run. This can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function specified after the annotation will be run, after each test within the test suite is run. This can be
```

Author: Addressed in af5c8a9

 used for repeatedly cleaning up test-level aspects before every test function.

### @test:AfterEach

***Example:***

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/test;

// After each function, which is executed before each test function
@test:AfterEach
function beforeFunc() {
    io:println("I'm the before function!");
}

// Test function
@test:Config {}
function testFunction1() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 1!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}

// Test function
@test:Config {}
function testFunction2() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 2!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}

// Test function
@test:Config {}
function testFunction3() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 3!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed!");
}
```

## @test:AfterGroups {}

***Example:***

> The function specified following the annotation will be run will execute after the first test belonging to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the function specified after the annotation will be run, it will be executed after the first test belonging to the
```
Meaning is not clear.

Author: Addressed in af5c8a9
